this video is going to show you how to
thread a singer model 12 new family
bobbin the or the shuttle they have the
these are the boat shuttles and you have
a spring-loaded section here two slits
underneath and then it's lit on top most
important these holes you want to make
sure these holes aren't worn thin
otherwise your thread could get cut and
basically you start with your bobbin
your threads coming over the bobbin like
this and you want to load it into your
your spring-loaded point and then press
it in where it pops in
then you want to take your thread and
bring it out this slot first and then
loop it around to come back in the upper
slot and then up in this direction let's
see how quickly I can do this
okay look
okay
so now we bring it up and we go up
through these holes these are actually
tensioning holes you come up through and
you can zigzag through and you want to
finish coming up through the last hole
closest to the point what I'm going to
do with this one I'm just going to go up
through
and I'm just going to go back down
through one of the center ones
keep getting my fingers caught on the
thread and then finally I'm going to
finish coming up through the hole
closest to the point now you can go
through a couple times if you require
more attention over only once if you
don't need any and there you have it
let's see our thread
threw it up zigzag through the holes and
there we go now you can see we're
getting good tension with this let me
tell you doing